---
title: "Version 4.2.1 Released"
categories:
  - releases
tags:
  - releases
  - v4
link: https://github.com/MCLD/greatreadingadventure/releases/tag/v4.2.1
---

[The Great Reading Adventure version 4.2.1](https://github.com/MCLD/greatreadingadventure/releases/tag/v4.2.1) has been released.

There is no upgrade path from versions 1, 2, or 3 to version 4 due to significant architectural changes.
{: .notice--warning}

Notable changes in this release:

- Improve avatar import to work with ZIP files downloaded from the GitHub repository.
- Add release engineering document.
- Update packages to .NET 5.0.2.
- Added system and branch import and export.
- Added Job status reporting.
- Moved manual from 'docs' to the 'manual' folder.
- Improved the accessibility to modals.
- Added alternative text to badges.
- Created school and district import process.
- Duplicate detection on school imports.
- Updated release posts to link to archived content.
- Vendor code management, generation, packing slip upload and, download support.
- Streaming program links can be up to 2000 characters.
- News posts can send emails through the job interface to avoid timeouts.
- Search for nearby events based on coordinates or ZIP code.
- Allow special characters in authorization codes.
- Daily tip upload interface added to Mission Control.
- Social cards can be scheduled, used for different languages and, added Mission Control management.
- Ability to see a list of users in each role.
- Display links to user's branch and all participating branches, in the footer.
- Lots of bug fixes and performance improvements.

For more information, please see [the release notes](https://github.com/MCLD/greatreadingadventure/releases/tag/v4.2.1).
